Stick around for lots more Doug and Patti, Skeeter and Porkchop, and lots more of your drawings as Nick's non-stop Nicktoon weekend continues after this.
Sometimes after a long day, you just want to kick back and watch TV.
I feel much better after a few minutes with a bowl of popcorn and remote control and Ferguson!
Could it be Bird TV?
Find out when Clarissa explains it all tonight at 8-7 Central on Snick.
Okay, you can roll the pictures.
I guess that's it for day two of the first ever non-stop Nicktoon weekend.
So what'd you think?
I don't think I've ever seen so much of you in one day.
I had a great time.
You did?
I don't want the weekend to end.
I know what you mean.
Well, there's still tomorrow, another whole day of Nicktoons.
And lots more of these drawings.
Well, since more than 50,000 kids sending pictures, we're going to show as many as we possibly can.
Maybe we should open a museum.
The non-stop Nicktoon weekend continues tomorrow with a whole day of Rugrats,
including a brand new episode, world premiere music videos,
and more of your Nicktoon drawings, starting at 12-11 Central.
Now, get ready to Snick.
Tonight, there's a special Snick peek, the all-new, soon-to-be-weekly adventures of Pete & Pete, right here on Nick.
Got it?
Get it.
Hi, I'm Mike Tuey, sales manager for Scotia Motors Dodge with the best and gotta-get-it deals
on the full line of Dodge cars, vans, and trucks.
The 94s are rolling in like the Dodge Ram full-size pickup, fully redesigned in concept and comfort,
and ready to hit the road.
We've got it and you can get it.
Great service and selection.
The gotta-get-it Dodge deals only at Scotia Motors Dodge, your hometown Dodge dealer for nearly 50 years.
They're coming.
The superstars of the World Wrestling Federation are coming to your town.
The Undertaker battles Yoko Zuna.
The man from the dark side tries to bury the massive WWF champion,
The sharp-edged Intercontinental Champion attempts to derail this powerful foe.
Sunday, November the 28th at the Nicarbaca Arena.
Tickets are on sale at the box office, ticket master outlets, or charged by phone.
You can decorate them with hearts or roses.
Or bean dazzle Barbie dolls, each come with their own tulip paints and decorations.
Dolls sell separately, paint dries overnight.
Jets that transform into dangerous Decepticon robots.
Ramjet and Starscream with missile launchers and light and sound power packs.
But first, they'll have to battle the heroic Autobots.
Inferno, Jazz and Sideswipe.
They're...
Robots in disguise.
Jazz strikes back with a robot-ripping rocket launcher.
And Inferno's water cannon is rain and pain.
Transformers!
Transformers Generation 2.
Autobot cars and Decepticon jets each sold separately.
Some play games that go...
And some play games that go...
Well now there's Nintendo's new...
Pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land.
And Kirby's...
All over the place.
All you do is keep Kirby...
As long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new Kirby's Pinball Land for Game Boy.
And we'll bet you won't go...
I'll make you all better now.
Baby, check up.
Mommy knows how to be.
Fever's high today.
The medicine I'll give you makes it go away.
I'll make you all better now.
Baby, check up.
Listen up, troops.
Hey, intercept that Oprah squad on the flank.
Now the Joes are taking orders from Electronic Talking Duke.
And he says thousands of commands with real battle sounds.
Attack that Oprah tank at the perimeter.
Electronic Talking Duke, each sold separately.
There are many mysteries of modern science.
How small is a small particle?
What's the cure for the common cold?
And who can explain this?
It's known to great minds around the globe as...
The Boy Brain.
Nobody knows for sure what makes it tick,
but it seems to operate in three distinct sections.
First, there's the cerebotomless pideus.
This controls the most active single drive in the Boy Brain.
The urge to eat.
And there's the inarticulous major.
This is the part that connects with a boy's thinking
to what a boy is saying.
With her hair like that, she really looks cute.
She looks great.
She looks beautiful.
What are you thinking?
Are you hungry?
They're still working out the kinks on that one.
Then there's the built-in hyperlocomotus.
This controls high motor skills like running,
jumping, air guitar.
But not always at the same time.
So that's about it for my research on the Boy Brain.
But beware.
My theory is that when one Boy Brain is placed
within close proximity to another Boy Brain,
near total brainlessness can occur.
Please, Steckel.
Great eyes. Walks money.
He is goofy. He's cute.
Okay, I give him a six.
Five. Six point five.
Done.
We must be bored if we're actually reduced
to rating cute seniors.
Hey, better a cheap thrill than no thrill at all.
Besides, next up is Clifford Spleenherfer.
You can't rate Clifford.
Why not?
Well, he's kind of on the scale of his own.
Fools.
Blind, pettyable fools.
First I print the wit and wisdom of Ferguson W. Darlin.
Then I strategically place a hundred copies
around the school for distribution.
How will my voice be heard if no one dares to listen?
I'm sorry. Did you say something?
So, Clifford, what have you been up to?
Same as always.
Detention of the doughnut hut.
I wish. Every day it's the same thing.
Kids follow me, ask me stuff.
It takes hours.
Sometimes they even form a line by the bike rack.
I thought the whole school was afraid of you.
That's the problem.
I don't get it.
How do I scare my little brother?
Clifford, how do I fake my parents' signature?
Clifford, where can I find an affordable pair of brass knuckles?
It's a big responsibility.
And responsibility always does one thing to me.
Makes you hungry? How'd you guess?
Are you still here?
I know I'm gone.
I have watched Godzilla, Jaws, and Aliens
a combined total of 367 times.
And I will now watch Clifford eat.
Adieu.
So, what do you think?
Pizza?
Sure.
That old Sarah-bottomless pideous again.
You know, understanding parts of Clifford's personality
is as easy as pie.
As in large with extra cheese, pepperoni, onions.
Clifford, how can you still be eating
you just devoured a pizza?
I don't know.
But nothing makes me hungrier than downing a couple of slices.
Okay. You can relax now. It's all set.
What are you talking about?
Get ready for the biggest television event
since McNeil met Lair.
Not yet, but there will be.
In fact, I just cut a deal with the local cable access company.
You mean you paid the standard fee for public access
that anyone can pay?
Maybe. Bottom line, every day for the next week
I will own, run, and operate
my very own public access television series.
I can see it now. All dweeb network.
You're going to star on TV?
No. You're going to star on TV.
Me? Him?
You, baby, you. Cliff, here's the pitch.
Cliff, can I call you Cliff?
Decisive. I like that.
Cliff, I heard about your little problem.
The kids are nuts about you. They want to hear you speak.
Put together my brains and your...
self.
And I think we're looking at 3B Entertainment.
3B?
Big, big, big. Cliff, what do you say?
Give it up.
I don't know. TV? Sounds like a lot of work.
Work? A mere 15 minutes a day.
I'll compare that with the time you'd spend
giving advice at the schoolyard.
15 minutes on TV a day or nine hours
by the bike rack each week.
That's... Well, it's got to be less, right?
Park number one, Cliff.
You could stop listening any time.
Be on my show and I'll give you free donuts,
a primo parting space for your bike,
and maybe even school credit.
Free donuts?
You can't deliver half the stuff he's promising.
Think of all the babes we'll be watching.
Free donuts and babes.
Hey, hey, hey! Clifford,
I can't believe you'd even think about doing this.
Say you'll do it. I'll do it.
Excellent!
Stick with me, kid. I'm gonna make you a star.
Great. Whenever Ferguson gets near something I like,
it always ends up making me sick.
Well, it's only for a week.
How much damage can he do in a week?
Are you sure you don't want any help with that?
Ferguson, for the millionth time,
this is a delicate piece of equipment
and it has to be used in a very special way.
Okay?
Now, if I can only remember what that way is.
Boy, this thing is a lot trickier than it looks.
Oh!
There we go.
Oh! Well, it's a lot trickier than it looks to me anyway.
Well, if it don't work, plug it in.
So, what do I do?
Just love the camera.
Okay.
Whoa, whoa, hold the phone. This is a closed set.
Oh, come on, Ferguson.
All right, but if you're here just to make fun,
you're gonna have to leave.
Please, we're here for emotional support.
You ready, Ferguson?
Okay.
Stay loose, big guy.
Be who you are because you're the most qualified.
Got it?
I guess.
Ready and action.
Action means go.
Okay. We'll try it again.
Ready and go.
Okay.
Uh, Clifford, go means do something.
I am doing something. I'm being myself.
Yes, yes, true. True, great.
But, um, this time, do whatever you're doing,
only do it out loud.
Say whatever you're thinking.
Okay. Uh, do something.
Okay.
Hey, you ever wonder how come Spick can hang out of your mouth?
I mean, like, just before it hit your little sister,
you suck it back up.
How come that isn't recognized as an organized sport?
I mean, Sanker and I, swimming is.
Well, you could do it after school.
Those places.
So, why not cool stuff like dribbling spit?
Great, Cliffy, great.
Um, Mom, Dad, what did you think?
Well, um, I've always been a fan of free-form poetry.
I thought it was very descriptive.
So, what'd you think? Pretty great, huh?
Um, I don't know about this, Clifford.
I mean, is that really the way you want to look on TV?
Okay, okay. I'll comb my hair.
But I'm not using moose.
No, no, Clifford, you don't understand.
Um, I think this could be a big mistake.
The whole show?
The whole show.
That's just because you're a girl.
Ferguson was right.
The Power Force is trying to keep the male point of view off TV.
I hate to be critical, but Dad was totally beat.
They're going to look like fools.
It's nothing new for Ferguson.
Clifford, his only hope is a quick cancellation.
Lorsa, it's on, it's on.
Oh, I can't watch.
It's Boy Thoughts, starring Ferguson Darling
and Clifford Splenhoffer.
Powerful.
A thousand hearts.
I can't believe it. That's your brother.
Yeah, he's even more repulsive than he is in person.
Thank you. I'm Ferguson Darling, and this is Boy Thoughts.
On my left is the fella you know, respect,
and soon we'll speak with, directly, Mr. Clifford Splenhoffer.
And now, here's Clifford.
Say hello, Clifford.
Anytime today, big fella.
It's a two-syllable word. It starts with an H.
Hi. It's a start.
Poor Clifford. You tried to warn him.
Okay, let's start with something you're a little more comfortable with.
Cliff, forget about the camera.
What's on your mind?
Soup.
What?
I hate soup.
You can't chew it. You can't drink it.
And it never fills you up.
Soup, total ripoff.
And you know what else?
Don't let me stop you.
Nailed to have this big contest
when a winner gets to set off this huge mud slot
using dynamite.
That'd be cool.
You know why it entered.
And there's still one thing I can't figure out.
Lay it on me.
Okay, the crew on Star Trek is pretty tough, right?
Could they beat the Dallas Cowboys in football?
Yeah, but then a fight.
Afterward, you know, to make it even.
This is scary. Is that all guys think about?
I have four brothers. If you think that's bad,
you should hear the way they talk about girls.
Now, Cliff, let's talk about girls.
Okay. You know what bugs me about them?
Why do they always giggle so much when all that I said was high?
I don't get it.
And why do they always go to the mall and pass?
They get discounts for that.
These are the questions that matter.
But now, Cliff, isn't there something that
really bugs you about girls?
Like what?
Oh, I don't know.
Let's keep it hypothetical.
Now, say for instance that you knew a girl named
Blurrissa.
Uh-huh.
And say she had this friend.
We'll call her Bolivia.
Got it.
Sure.
Okay.
Now, say these two girls actually made a list
that ranked cute senior boys.
Outdated practice, you say.
Well, say this list actually looked like this.
Can I get a close-up here?
How'd they get that?
I thought you threw it out.
I thought you did.
Now, Cliff, as the voice of our generation,
would you call these two boneheads?
Yeah, totally.
Okay. You heard it here first.
Straight from Clifford himself,
Blurrissa and Bolivia.
Boneheads.
That's all the time we have for today.
Tune in tomorrow.
Assuming you're going to live that long.
Two boy thoughts.
Bye-bye.
Boy thoughts is owned, run and operated by Ferguson Darling.
Any resemblance of anyone to anyone living or dead
is purely coincidental.
Hey, Bolivia.
Yeah, Blurrissa.
You're thinking what I'm thinking?
Yep.
When Pergmore gets home,
his resemblance to anyone dead
will not be coincidental.
More Clarissa.
More Snake.
After this.
Uh-oh.
Skating ostriches.
Yeah, we're looking for breakfast.
And we're stars.
Oh, my.
I can bring you to a most fruitful stop.
Just follow my nose.
It's such a cute nose.
The Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Orange Lemon Cherry and Lime.
With brighter colors, you'll flip over.
Fruit Loops.
The bright part of this nutritious breakfast.
Fabulous colors.
Speaking of fab,
don't you think Sammy would look totally hot on these skates?
Well, I am known for my loops.
Follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste.
I went to look for the guys on foot that Saturday.
My old bike just didn't cut it anymore.
Nobody anywhere.
I kept hearing this sound.
Brother, the world was shut down.
Sorry.
I don't know where they went.
Where was everybody?
Dad pulled in.
Then I saw it.
Moto Science.
They'll draw a crowd and leave it behind.
Now, two can play the games of the Super Enius Super Skate.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself,
you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
Kids jumping monkeys by and free.
Fling them up into the tree.
Jumping monkeys aim let go.
Try to hang them high or low.
Jumping monkeys hang always.
There's so much fun you'll play today.
Jumping monkeys from present.
Everybody's running to get thin ice.
Take the tweezer in your hand and take a marble from the stand.
Don't want thin ice.
Quick put your marble right on top and pass the tweezer before they drop.
Thin ice from Pressman.
It's cool.
Thin ice.
You're watching.
Nick!
And now back to Clarissa explains it all.
Okay, it wasn't bad enough.
I got humiliated on television.
But now, the impossible has happened.
Boy thoughts is a hit.
All week long, I've been having the feeling this is leading up to something big.
Brought to you by Ferguson's tiny little brain.
Here's a look at the countdown so far.
On Tuesday, they explored their innermost thoughts and feelings on beverage products.
Oh, five seconds even!
Now that's what I call a quality burp.
It says, high carbonation.
And just the right amount of syrup.
And the classic can taste.
Then Wednesday, Clifford spoke directly with his fans.
On the phone we have Billy from Idle Park.
Billy, what's your question for Clifford?
My brother farted in my face and it made me really angry.
What should I do?
Does he have toy trucks?
Sure.
He loves that stuff.
Does your dad have a toolbox?
Yeah.
Okay.
Listen carefully.
First you take the...
Thursday ratings skyrocketed as Clifford went into true confessions mode.
I keep having this dream where I'm late for school and I'm running.
You know, to catch up to the school bus and I'm not wearing any pants.
One day, I'm just gonna do it.
And then, you know, I won't keep having this dream anymore.
That was beautiful, man.
On Friday, they ran out of things to talk about so they introduced Science Corner.
Clifford tested how far he could make Captain Action fly using nothing but his wits,
a lighter, and his brother's old chemistry set.
Meanwhile, Olivia and I are still working out a way to get back at them.
She's out at the cable company right now demanding equal time.
As for boy thoughts, tonight's the big show.
The show Ferguson claims will be the ultimate episode.
Personally, I'm afraid to think about the possibilities.
Hey, Clarissa.
Hey, Olivia.
How'd it go?
Not so hot.
The cable access people are booked.
Solid.
Mimsy Dimmesdale's thanked the last decent timeslot.
What's Mimsy Dimmesdale gonna do with the show for Stupid Stuffed Animal Collection?
Who cares?
We'll all scratch our plans for getting on TV.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
Ego swelling on the horizon.
I'll catch you later.
So, which one do you think?
Which one do I think what?
Should I wear it for the show tonight?
I don't know, Cliff.
They're both so pungent.
Thanks.
Are you mad about something?
What?
Me?
No.
Mad?
Why?
Yeah, I am.
All I've been doing this whole week is boy thoughts.
So what?
So you've been doing it with Ferguson.
You two don't belong together.
It's like pizza and sauerkraut.
I eat that.
No, you don't understand.
I don't like what you're becoming.
He's manipulating you.
Hey, I'll go my own way.
You might be going it alone without me.
I might want to think about that.
All right.
I will.
But right now I gotta split.
What?
Sorry, sis.
That's showbiz.
That does it.
As far as I'm concerned,
that boy's out of this girl's thoughts.
For good.
Can I ask you something?
Shoot.
Well, basically it's about the difference between boys and girls.
Oh, well, we can talk about that again if you want.
So when a man and a woman love each other...
No, Mom.
We already had that talk.
This is about...
Well, what do you do when you get really mad at somebody?
Well, it depends how mad you are and who you're mad at.
Pretty mad.
And Clifford.
This wouldn't have ended with boy thoughts, would it?
Yeah.
I mean, look at what he's become.
Well, sweetheart, we don't necessarily know what he's become.
Maybe he'll pass right through this on his way to becoming something you like.
Maybe.
Is there any way to make sure of that?
Well, if you really care,
the best way I know how to influence someone is to stick around him.
So you think I should give him another chance?
Couldn't hurt.
Okay.
But just one.
Well, there you go.
And he better not blow it.
Well, he's blowing it.
Clifford was supposed to meet me here ten minutes ago and he's late.
Waiting for Cliff?
That could take a while.
What?
Hey, wardrobe and makeup calls.
Clifford doesn't wear makeup.
And his wardrobe consists of the same T-shirt, jean and brood ensemble he's worn since sixth grade.
Not tonight, he won't.
I've got some very important people coming to tonight's taping.
We hit it big and we could go national.
Good.
Let's hope that nation is Brazil.
Yeah, you'll say you knew me when.
Are you kidding?
I'm sorry, I know you now.
The show can't possibly go on national TV.
Ferguson and Clifford?
In front of the whole country?
Night after night after night?
Now, we're back again with Bobo the psychic monkey.
The psychic monkey, ladies and gentlemen.
Now, I understand that you can't stay.
You knew that before I did.
And now our next guest is the author of the book everyone is talking about.
The world according to Clarissa.
Yes, indeed.
Now, Ferg.
Ferg, that wasn't even a joke.
Makes no difference to me.
All right then, let's bring her out.
Meet Miss Clarissa Darling.
Tell us about your book.
Well, Clifford, I've always been interested in expressing myself.
And I thought this was a good opportunity.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's all the time we have for now.
Good night.
That doesn't.
Clifford's had his chance.
I'm going down to the studio, let him know we're through.
Live and in person.
I like it.
It speaks to me.
It says...
Rush Limbaugh.
This must be the place.
So this is where the magic happens.
Yeah, right?
You gonna tell him now or after the show?
I don't want to hang around here.
I think I'll get it over with.
All right, here's the topics for tonight, big guy.
Stick to them like cheese on a burger.
Written down?
You never had to write them down before.
Relax, it's just for tonight, you know, for the sponsors.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I got a pre-tape from commercials.
Commercials?
That's right, sis.
I got sponsors lined up from here to next Tuesday.
You ready, Ralphie?
You got it, chief.
In five, four, three, two, and...
Good evening.
I'm Ferguson Darling with the word from our first sponsor,
Puppo, the dog food that fights black.
Uh, Clifford, I have to talk to you about something.
It's about a...
Huh?
Okay, in just a minute, though.
What is this stuff?
Who cares?
I'm trying to tell you something.
This stuff does look familiar.
What do you mean?
Clifford, this is the same stuff
that was in the wit and wisdom of Ferguson W. Darling.
That stupid newsletter Ferguson printed up
and nobody wanted to read.
My thoughts on stamp collecting?
My thoughts on state capitals?
My thoughts on savings?
I don't think about any of this stuff.
It all makes sense.
Ferguson creates this popular show
with this popular puppet boy.
Hey.
And once he's got a big, fat audience...
Boy thoughts becomes fur thoughts.
Okay, I know just what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna pound him.
And remember, clean is a hound's tooth
never meant so much until there was Puppo.
We'll be right back with our show.
One down, 11 to go.
All right, Cliff, baby.
You ready to do your stuff?
You bet.
You little creep.
You just wanted me to read your little newsletter, didn't you?
You didn't care about my thoughts.
Just my status.
My aura.
My cachet.
My je ne sais quoi.
Right, Clarissa.
He does have a vocabulary.
Clifford, you really don't want to hurt me, do you?
Oh, yes, I do.
Now, what would hurt the most?
Try his ego.
Yeah.
I think you might be right.
You're on in 15 seconds.
Good-bye.
Where are you going?
I'm leaving the show.
Call it creative differences.
You, you will never work in this town again.
Five seconds.
Oh, that's okay.
People respond to me.
I'm here.
No problem.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
And five, four, three, two.
Good evening.
I'm Ferguson Darling with our new and improved boy thoughts.
Now let's get down to the topics you want to talk about.
Topic number one.
Jess, the manly advantage.
Don't be shy.
Call her now.
Tell me what you think.
Yes?
What happened to Cliff?
Ah, he's on hiatus.
You want infotainment?
Talk to me.
Next caller.
Teams are open.
Next caller?
Uh, anytime today, folks.
$5 in the next caller?
Now talking boy thoughts.
I can see my little man on television.
Sorry.
Strong number.
Excuse me.
Please, you got to help me.
I got 12 sponsors out there.
I got to deliver something.
Anything.
Hey, we got dead air time here.
Please, I'm begging.
Begging with dignity.
Yes.
But begging.
No.
Please.
I love making him do that.
After you.
Regularly scheduled programming will not be seen tonight.
So we can bring in the special presentation.
Welcome to not a thought between us.
Starring Clarissa Darling and Olivia Dupree.
Tonight's topic, the boy brain.
Threat for menace.
Call her now and let us know what you think.
Hi, Mom, hi, Dad.
Hey.
Hi, guys.
How was the movie?
I liked it, but they didn't blow up enough cars for Clifford's taste.
How can they not blow up cars?
It's a movie.
I bet you kids get swamped everywhere you go now that you're big deal TV stars.
X TV stars.
I'm through with boy thoughts.
Besides, we're yesterday's news.
You should see what everybody's into now.
Slush thoughts starring Mimsy Dimsdale.
I don't get it myself, but the kids love it.
We're talking for the entertainment here.
Slush thoughts?
Don't look at me, Mom.
When it comes to the TV, I'm glad to be off the air.
Attention, Nick Maniac.
Yogi's on the loose this weekend for four hours.
So tune in, have a picnic.
Can take a Nick Maniac Yogi Bear Challenge.
Today and tomorrow, starting at 2 o'clock, one central on Nick Maniac.
Face side high.
Hey, this is a typical school.
We're typical teachers.
It's a full house.
You're telling me.
But the door is always open.
I have a guest.
Your guest's inside of the toilet.
Daddy's yours.
There's always room for one more on Full House.
Saved by the Bell at 4, followed by Full House.
Sweet Days at 430 on TV 10.
Baseball, basketball, football, hockey, all sports collectibles,
sports cards of memorabilia, root nine at the Crescent Bridge,
right next to Stewart's, 383-8400.
We set the standard.
Bring in the season at the Festival of Trees
at the Albany Institute in downtown Albany.
For more information, please call 463-4478.
Thank you.
The Capital Ballet Company presents
The Nutcracker, December 2nd through the 4th at The Egg.
For tickets, call 518-473-1845.
Most trouble? Then you need mousetraps.
Just turn the crank and snap the blank
and boot the mob right down the chute.
Now watch it roll and hit the bolt
and knock the ball in the rubbered-up top
and flip the pan into the pan.
The trap is set. Here comes the net.
Mousetrap, it's the craziest thing you'll ever see.
Easy to use tools designed to drill.
Sand, carve, and cut wood.
But you put it together.
Batteries and safety glasses not included.
Hit anything. Stop the animal.
The animal. It's a big, powerful 4x4.
But when the going gets tough, it bears its claws.
To climb over anything that gets in its way.
Hit anything. Stop the animal.
The animal.
He sold separately. Batteries not included.
If you can shake it, you can make it.
Shake and make it fun.
Make creatures like magic.
Pour the powder in the water.
Snap off the mold.
There's your shaker making shaker.
Twenty times or so.
Pop out the dino.
Don't be afraid.
Let them shrink and dry.
Then decorate.
Pop out the shrunken heads.
Shaker make it scary.
Then shaker make it hairy.
If you can shake it, you can make it.
Shake and shake and make it fun.
Dinosaurs and shrunken heads sold separately.
Shaker.
Make the right selection.
Perfection's the race to beat the clock.
If you're not quick.
Block goes perfection.
Perfection from Milton Bradley.
Speak stylish and know what are the best values in America.
Yes, bro.
Limited time by the Super NES Super Set.
And get five complete Mario games standard.
Mario.
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
Oh.
In performance, handling and mode, seven control.
You'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 in postage, Super Mario All Stars free
with four Mario games in one.
Mario.
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
Everybody comes to value.
Don't forget.
Pages make a twist.
Streak it's paint just like this.
Swing them up.
Spray them wild.
So much fun.
So many stars.
Hollywood hair.
This is me.
And this is my best friend, Ellen.
And this is the Wellsville Fighting Squids marching band.
Along with our fellow squid mates, we're proud to be in the band.
Even though we don't get too much respect from the rest of the school.
The thing is, we just didn't care.
I guess we were willing to sacrifice being cool because we love to play music.
Besides, we were happy to be part of something bigger than ourselves.
It may just have been the word squid, but it was big enough for us.
That is, until one tiny little dot blotted out the happiness that we once knew.
And plunged me into a world of darkness.
It all began like most important things in life, in science class.
Think of it, Pete.
Two separate atoms come together and create something that's bigger than both of them.
It's like they need each other to fulfill their destiny.
Uh, yeah.
Wow.
I never thought of it that way.
Maybe Ellen and I were like a couple of hydrogen atoms, destined to combine into a helium isotope.
But I guess I just wasn't ready.
If I had been, maybe this whole disaster would never have happened.
Destiny knows where we live.
None of us really took Mr. Markle too seriously.
I mean, he was a Nimrod, but he was always kind of a harmless Nimrod.
At least he was until the day that letter came.
I have here our official notification as finalists in the regional championship.
Now, I don't know how you squids did it, but I do know this.
In two weeks, we are going to make Wellsville history.
It had always been Mr. Markle's dream to win the state championship.
Back in 67, he had a squad that should have won it all.
But he forgot to cross the T in horned toads, and they were disqualified.
After that, he was never quite the same.
I've been working on a new formation.
It was based mostly on the final battle plan of the Crimean War,
and involved two maneuvers that hadn't even been invented yet.
Even more radical was his daring decision to change our typeface
from the traditional Helvetica to rolling Gothic.
Can you do that?
Got some changes in the lineup.
Tucker, you're on top of the queue.
Bronson, you're on middle D.
And Markle Jr., I want you on top of the eye.
And finally, Ellen Hickle.
I've been watching you work. I like what I see.
Come next Saturday, you are dotting the eye.
Have been chosen to ride the eye.
Do you have what it takes?
Yes, sir.
We were all happy for Ellen. It was a big honor.
As any Bangeek will tell you, without a great dot out there,
it didn't have diddly squid.
With the dot in place, nothing can stand in our way.
Follow me, my squids,
and you will be part of something bigger than you've ever known.
Total, full, frontal victory!
By the end of the next day,
the band began to break down into two different factions.
Those of us who were in it just for the fun,
and those, like Markle's butt-weed nephew, James Markle Jr.,
who were in it for the glory.
Let's go, dog face!
Move it!
And the weird thing was, all of a sudden,
it was hard to tell which side Ellen was on.
My lips feel like warm cheese.
Mine feel like smush grapes.
But you know what they say, Pete? No pain, no gain.
Let's do it again.
I wanted to talk to my brother to get the Pete perspective on things,
but he was having problems of his own.
Train from smoking and hold your questions till the end.
It seems his school bus driver, Stu Benedict,
was going through a tough time because his girlfriend,
driver Sally Knorp, broke up with him.
According to legend, they fell in love in school bus school.
But as soon as things got serious, they ran into a dead end.
It seems driver Stu had a little trouble expressing his true romantic feelings.
He tried to forget her, but he couldn't.
Instead, he began driving all over town,
giving his passengers a guided tour of his shattered romance.
What was once a ten-minute bus ride, now dragged on for hours.
That's where Sally dropped a scoop of the statue of Swirl.
I picked it up, I wiped off the gravel,
and I put it back on her coat.
To try and help, Pete offered some friendly advice.
Deal with it, Dipwan! Take his phone!
But Stu was too far gone to listen.
Coming up next, the hardware store where we used to buy our weather stripping.
Meanwhile, things at band practice were starting to get a little out of control.
Breathe deep, my squibs. Work those lungs!
I'm telling you, Pete, Markel's wigged.
His waiting thing has warped his brain.
Markel says my duck feet are against regulation.
If I can't angle him in 16 degrees, I'm out of the band.
This isn't why we joined up.
Maybe we should talk to him.
Count Ellen out.
What?
I mean, take a look for yourself, she's partners with James Markel Jr. now.
They're partners?
Yeah, I meant to tell you, but I guess I didn't want to upset you.
What?
I couldn't believe it.
Ellen and Markel Jr.?
What could she possibly have in common with that chunkhead?
Rock!
Ellen, when I look at you, you know what I see?
A dot.
No, well, I've been under a lot of pressure lately.
No, no.
A dot inside.
I don't like the rest of these clowns.
You could be a champion.
Let me help you be the dot you were always meant to be.
He helped her alright.
As the days passed, she became more and more consumed with achieving a state...
I am a dot.
...of total dottosity.
Then he set out to forge a psychic brain meld so they could stay perfectly in step and telepathically bridge the gap between the dot and the rest of the eye.
Hi.
Hi, Pete.
What are you doing?
Going over the third movement of the Prussian battle hymn.
James Jr. says that instead of drums, the percussionists used to use live hand grenades.
Needs?
Are you coming over later?
I can't.
James Jr. and I have to practice.
Oh.
Thanks for being a good sport, champ.
I had seen enough.
It was time to remind Ellen what band was supposed to be and get her away from James Markle Jr.
My plan wasn't based on the Crimean War or anything, but I liked it.
Everyone knew but Ellen and the Markles.
On my signal, I got the horn section to play Love Rollin' Coaster by the Ohio Players.
Capitan!
I knew the song would attract Artie, the strongest man in the world, like a giant funk magnet.
And sure enough...
Music of the God!
I'm lying, Don George Clinton!
By the time Artie began dancing the voodoo crispy, Markle's spell was broken.
When I saw Ellen laugh, I knew everything was going to be alright.
How was I to know it wouldn't last?
As Artie launched into the diesel jerk, Markle was busy formulating a diabolical scheme
to regain control of the band and snatch Ellen away from me forever.
But when the going gets tough, it bears its cause.
To climb over anything that gets in its way.
Can anything stop the animal?
The animal!
Each sold separately, batteries not included.
Behold my most horrifying creation!
Creepy crawler mini-dragons!
Creepy crawlers!
Squeeze the goop into the mini-dragons molds.
There's nine Creepy colors and out top mini-dragons parts.
Create your own Creepy Crawley mini-dragons!
Mix mini-dragons heads with mini-dragons tails.
Make a scary dragon with slimy triple tails.
Creepy crawler workshop!
Your parents put it together.
A mini-dragons sold separately.
I went to look for the guys on foot that Saturday.
My old bike just didn't cut it anymore.
Nobody anywhere.
I kept hearing this sound.
Brother, the world was shut down.
Sorry, I don't know where they went.
Where was everybody?
They pulled in.
Then I saw it.
They'll draw a crowd.
Now you can get new Nickelodeon videos.
Tapes of Ren and Stimpy.
Rugrats, what do you want?
New Nickelodeon videos.
Pretty good, huh?
One day you'll look back and ask,
what in my life amount to?
What did I accomplish?
And you'll remember this championship.
And you could have won a place in history.
And you'll say, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
My life meant nothing.
One kid ruined the championship for all of us.
And maybe I should punish only him.
But you're a team.
You march together.
You practice together.
Thanks to him, you'll suffer together.
Nice going, Pete.
Yeah, thanks.
My plan had backfired.
Within days, whatever resistance we had left
had been completely drilled out of us.
We were just puppets.
And Markle was the vile puppeteer.
I had to snap Ellen out of it before it was too late.
I found her the Saturday before the championship
practicing the now legendary Sliding S.
Ellen? Ellen?
We need to talk.
I can't now, Pete.
I'm having a problem with the belly curve.
It's just...
I haven't seen you in such a long time.
I mean, seen, seen you.
I miss you, Ellen.
I'm just doing things together.
I've been in chips in two days.
Things are different. I'm a dot now.
Whatever happened to just playing music?
What happened to Baron being fun?
Ellen, what about those two hydrogen atoms?
Two lonely elements.
Meeting each other to fulfill their destiny.
Now look what you made me do.
I have to start all over again.
Pete, would you please go?
I have to concentrate.
Oh, you're right.
Thank you.
Sally loves vegetable kebab.
Meanwhile, Pete tried everything to try and derail
Driver's Dew's misery tour.
Take the cash, crankbait!
But nothing worked.
Up next, the forest that produced the wood
for Sally's house.
As Pete got closer to the edge,
I fell right over it,
thanks to a little push from James Markle Jr.
You know, you've had this coming for a long time, Markle.
Yeah?
Show me what you got.
Stay information!
Stay information.
You know something, Red?
You fight the same way you march.
The same way you play.
Like a loser.
It was the worst day of my whole life.
I was disgraced before the band.
And worst of all,
I had lost Ellen for good.
As for Pete,
he had lost all hope of ever getting home.
Nearing the last stop for the evening,
I'd like to point out,
the blinking red light
where Sally and I once stopped.
That night,
I thought about how I really felt about Ellen,
and I realized that we were like a nuclear chain reaction
that never got started.
We could have exchanged neutrons
and lit up the entire solar system.
Instead,
there was only darkness.
It's Ellen from Pete & Pete.
I am a dot.
She's a what?
Watch the all-new weekly adventures of Pete & Pete
premiering next Sunday at 6.5 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Transformers!
It's the evil Decepticons.
Powerful jets that transform into dangerous Decepticon robots.
Ramjet and Starscream with missile launchers
and light and sound power packs.
But first, they'll have to battle the heroic Autobots.
Inferno, jazz and side swipe.
They're...
Robots in disguise.
Jazz strikes back with a robot-dripping rocket launcher
and Inferno's water cannon is rain and pain.
Transformers!
Transformers Generation 2.
Autobot cars and Decepticon jets each sold separately.
Now, two can play the games of the super envious Super Skate.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself,
you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
Fight here!
By the day of the championship,
there was nothing left to do,
but what Markle had programmed us to do.
Win.
This is the moment that decides it all.
That separates the losers from the legends.
Will your future be empty?
Or will it be filled?
Filled with a nickel plater.
Hand inscribed trophy.
A destiny may know where you live, my squids,
but will you be home when it comes over to play?
Yes.
I didn't know it then,
but as I marched towards the rest of my lonely life,
another love-lorn man was hurtling towards the field
in a shiny yellow school bus.
My brother Pete had launched a plan
to get Driver Stu Benedict back together with his ex-flame,
Driver Sally Knorp,
and put a stop to the misery tour.
He asked Driver Stu to...
Show us the bleachers!
We're me and Sally.
Forgot our umbrella.
But he was really leading Stu to the state championship,
where he knew Sally was standing by
to pick up a load of major acts.
Great uniform.
Can I tell you about the only girl
who could ever share my life?
Well, let me tell you about Driver...
Sally Knorp.
Oh, maybe somewhere in America.
When love comes,
you better pull over to the side of the road
and open your door,
because nothing in this world matters more.
Ten seconds!
Seeing Driver Stu and Driver Sally,
I knew what had to be done.
Somehow, I had to show Ellen how I felt.
It was the riskiest move of my life,
but I had to do it.
The band was so well-trained,
they had to follow.
I wasn't sure I could really pull it off without a diagram.
I tried to remember our science film,
so I could recreate the chain reaction we saw.
What do you think, Krabby?
Ladies and gentlemen,
the fighting squids have just made a formation
never before attempted on any football field.
It looks like...
the sum!
Luke, somebody pinch me.
I believe they're going to attempt
a thermonuclear fusion,
a force that powers the storms.
Steve!
Ellen!
Don't do this!
He's destroying everything we built together!
There appears to be two heavy pikes and owls
moving closer together.
They're reaching a state of hot plasma,
ladies and gentlemen.
Please stand your seats!
Burn, baby, burn!
Ellen, I...
You don't have to say a word, I know.
Breaking formation had snapped
the whole band out of Mr. Markle's
full frontal mind warp.
As for an element in me,
we were finally joined into a new element
that was much, much bigger than anything we had ever known.
We didn't know what the future had in store for us,
but what did it matter?
We fulfilled our destiny.
I couldn't stand up.
I couldn't sit down.
One love in her and I stumbled around.
She ties my tongue.
I cried a day when she brought the sun.
She's not a part of the scene.
She don't social...
Professional instructors teach you
the self-defense techniques of karate and kung fu,
which builds up your self-esteem.
No matter what your age,
you'll gain self-confidence and a positive attitude.
John Izzo invites you and your family
to stop by for a free lesson
at 2123 Central Avenue or the Point Plaza Glenville.
Find us fast in the yellow pages under karate.
The Times Union wants you to have a capital holiday,
so they've published a complete guide
to holiday events throughout the capital region.
Art, theater, music, shopping, family activities,
what's happening where and when,
all the facts and all the fun
to help you enjoy the season of celebration.
The capital holiday guide is a community service
of the Capital District Physicians Health Plan,
the Albany County Convention and Visitors Bureau,
and the Times Union.
To find out how to get your copy,
see today's Times Union.
The kingdom was quiet until a maniac showed up.
Let go maniac!
Now you might call this castle crazy,
but to the Lego maniac, it's home.
The Lego System Dragon Masters Collection
each sets sold separately.
Maniac not included.
Now when you turn on your TV,
you can turn on your imagination.
With video painter, what you draw
is what you see right on your TV.
And there are all kinds of pictures
that appear at the push of a button.
There's even animation.
It doesn't turn off picture copies.
It turns your TV into a masterpiece.
Video painter from VTech,
turn your TV into a work of art.
He can her shoes!
Now too can play the games of the Super NES Super Skate.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself,
you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
Hey Ren, it's a car!
Smile Ren, smile!
We'll get a ride today Ren.
Just you wait and see.
While I'll wager the very next car will pick us up.
Shut up! You've been saying that for three years
for shut up!
What were you just laughing at?
Was you laughing at me and my friend here?
Maybe it's me.
I'm a little funny in the head,
but I think we amuse you.
Is that it?
We are here for your amusement.
Is that why you were laughing at us?
Oh no, I wasn't laughing at you.
Oh! You didn't laugh then.
Well I...
Well you see, I find that very funny.
Because I could have sworn I heard you laugh.
Are we clowns to you?
Is that it?
Do we look like clowns?
Yes, we do, don't we?
Is it good to see you boys?
We were starting to get lonesome.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Shlomo, and he's Momo.
We make people laugh.
Shake!
Gosh, it's nice to make new friends.
Say, how'd you like to smell this?
How corny, the old squirtin' flower trick.
But as I am somewhat parched from my travails.
What the hey?
What are you trying to fool?
Have a cigar!
But we don't...
Sneak!
Well, how did they look?
Hmm, they're adorable.
Your boat now, part of the act.
Come on, sit up, big!
Ah, go paddle your kippers elsewhere, clown.
Do the iron cross.
Now do a half-gain with a triple twist.
Now relax.
Okay, come here.
You think you can jump through this hoop?
Hoop?
Oh no, nothing doin'.
We got our bride.
Oh come on, fellas.
Take it of fame, the fortune.
You'll be showbiz legends.
You wanna be showbiz legends, don't you?
Yes, I guess we do.
Just think, Ren, fame and fortune awaits us.
We gotta go water the flowers.
So don't move from this car.
Stimpy, these clowns got screws loose.
They're psychotic.
We gotta get out of here.
They're gonna kill us.
And besides, I gotta go water the flowers, too.
I know.
We'll ask the driver.
Maybe he'll let us out.
Excuse me, Mr. Driver, could you let us out?
Why, have I got to go to the back?
Yes, thanks.
Why, have I?
Thanks.
Hi.
Our country reeks of trees.
Our yaks are really large.
It's so nice to have an audience with which to share our hilarity.
Right, it's the cops.
The clowns?
No dead-blasted cops are gonna ruin our good time.
Okay, man, this is war.
Sir, your shortness, ammo.
We did last time and we nearly became circus stars,
suffered minor third-degree burns,
and survived a collision with the side of a mountain.
And on top of that, we get to keep these cool clown clothes.
He lift, do ya?
Hop in.
Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
When's the last time a squid caused a nuclear explosion?
When the family dragged race to the Hoover Dam,
a 10-year-old stayed up for 11 days.
Hey, this kind of stuff happens every week
when you happen to be two brothers with the same name.
Nickelodeon presents the all-new Adventures of Pete & Pete at school,
on the open road, even in their own backyard.
Let's do it!
Go on the all-new Adventures of Pete & Pete every week,
premiering next Sunday at 6-5 Central only on Nickelodeon.
Teamed by success, the turtles lost their savage edge.
Greed is dead.
It's a new breed carved from the streets.
Concrete fist, battered alien flesh, one-on-one.
As power joins forces with rage,
ripping through fear,
and no one sheds a tear for mutilated mutants.
Giant warriors crushed by street-cuffed turtles
who have shed soft shells for a high dose of reality.
It's Tournament Fighters.
Is it for them a Capcom Street Fighter?
A Street Fighter's mother?
No!
How about the Crimson Cruiser with championship edition
M-Bison and Street Slammin' Missiles?
It's not as tough as championship edition Gile
going boom in a Sonic Boom Tank or the Beast Blaster.
It comes with championship edition Blanca and Chun Li
and fires double-tubble missiles.
Street Fighter II!
Capcom Street Fighter II, Sonic Boom Tank,
Crimson Cruiser and Beast Blaster
come with championship edition figures.
Eat so separately.
That's a lot of stuff.
Can we shoot?
Let's put it to test.
And have you seen my pants?
I can't find my pants.
Shut up, you fool.
You're a cat.
You don't have any pants.
I'm trying to sleep, so keep quiet.
Stupid.
I'm naked under this towel.
What am I going to do?
You're going to stop this naked foolery
and go outside.
All right, now.
It's too nice a day to be stupid indoors.
Hey, hey, lady, can I borrow those pants?
Why, certainly.
Egg!
Yeah!
You there, running around naked
in front of God-fearing people.
Aren't you ashamed?
We know how to take care of filthy little beasts like you.
Taste the wrath of my hose, you heathen cat.
I guess I showed you who wears the pants
in this neighborhood.
I'm saved.
Little tree, little tree.
The neighborhood say this.
Well, what have we here?
Naked, huh?
I know what that's like.
I bet you'd like a pair of these.
Yeah?
Oh, no, you don't.
It's not that easy.
I know.
We can make a trade.
But I'm naked.
I have nothing to trade.
I'll tell you what.
I'll give you my BVBs.
If you let me slug you in the stomach.
But I don't want you to slug me in the stomach.
It's all right.
I'm a professional bully.
Well, okay.
Now just relax and think of something really pleasant.
Because this is really gonna hurt.
Happy, happy, joy, joy.
Man, this stomach-pounding stuff is hard work.
Can I have your underwear now?
Why, of course.
We bullies always live up to our promises.
We have a code.
But we can't do it here.
We'll have to take a drive in the country.
Who's the punk, son?
Oh, he's just a stupid cat I promised my underwear to.
Yeah, you promised.
That's not the Christmas underwear your mother embroidered, is it?
Um, yes, sir.
You know, son, it'll break your mother's heart if you give them away.
You're right, dad.
You promised, you promised!
And tell you what, you can have my underwear.
Yeah, it's June.
Gotta change them anyway.
Look what I have for you.
That's right, jump for daddy.
You promised.
All right, you little cry baby.
Cry baby, cry baby.
There we go.
Joy!
Hmm, kinda baggy in the dairy air.
Son, get some rope.
Tie those up for him.
Okay, pop.
You happy?
Good.
Now get out!
Beat up, dirty, and lost in the woods.
But I've got my pants.
Right, buddy, reach for the sky.
Don't turn around.
Now hand over your underpants.
Right, though.
Move.
Come on, come on.
This thing hasn't been milked in two weeks.
It could go off in any second.
Ah!
Say, aren't these just Jim dandy?
Warm and snug, just like I like them.
Hey, turn around, Nancy.
Oh, that's pretty.
You've been kind enough to give me your pants.
So I'm gonna help you on your way.
Now you just wait right here.
Oh, he's such a nice cow.
Relax, son. You'll need it.
Dirty little boy.
Where's your pants?
I don't have any pants.
Fundoration, boy.
You're as naked as the day you was born.
Where's your dog gone clothed?
We don't cotton to you sick nudist pants around here.
Maybe you can get away with that from the city,
but not in this neck of the woods.
But I want to wear clothes.
Oh, well, that's different.
Why don't you take this
and cover yourself?
Not only did I save my reputation,
but now I'm a trendsetter.
Yeah, I'll see you later.
Sicko.
That's what happened, Ren.
How many times have I told you?
You're a cat. You don't need pants.
However, this lovely gown might look nice on you.
And here's one for your little friend.
Oh, I have to admit, we do look divine.
Let's go down to the mall shop
and show off our new outfits.
Okay, guys.
It's running to get. They're nice.
The eyes of justice are watching.
It's Batman.
Where would a villain like me hide a bomb?
A giant maze.
Reading about his fat cycle,
Batman races to the scene, surprising Ridman.
Time's up.
Turbojet Batman triumphs.
Batman.
Can anything stop the animal?
It's a big, powerful 4x4,
but when the going gets tough, it bears its claws.
To climb over anything that gets in its way.
Can anything stop the animal?
The animal.
He sold separately. Batteries not included.
I'm a dog. You're a dog. Everybody do the dog.
Dope of a pimp, sir.
Beagle-pick of knees.
Coogee-colly bulldog. Great Pyrenees.
Chase a car. There you are.
Sleep at round the clock.
Waiting for the cable man.
Chase a round the clock.
Minute kill, snails on deep dog's bits.
Lost hops of food on Chihuahua Max Stiff.
Labrador retrieval, whip it harrier.
Chit-suit, chow-chow, fox terrier.
Begging for a doggy treat.
Get out of here, adult.
Everybody do the dog.
Dope of a pimp, sir.
Beagle-pick of knees.
Coogee-colly bulldog.
Feeling a littlest pet shop.
Poo!
Flash-uppy pups.
Love their tub and vanity.
A littlest pet shop.
Littlest pet shops.
Flash-uppy pups.
It's time for your bottle.
It's time for your bottle, baby needs me.
My watch shows what I need to do.
Drink up, baby needs me.
Diaper time, baby needs me.
Time again to check my watch.
It's time, baby needs me to love you lots.
They smear me with their blood.
I shall receive life again.
They smear me?
That's disgusting.
Fairy tales?
Weak, Chris.
Very weak.
Weak?
Have you ever read these things?
Not the wimpy versions, the original ones.
Ah, no, can't say I have.
I have.
They're full of stabbings and demons
and manning animals
and cutting off limbs and whatnot.
Cool stuff.
My favorites, the one where the old woman
kidnaps the prince and puts blood on the queen's mouth
while she sleeps to make the king think she ate him.
That's so gross.
I love it.
Hey, I'm not buying it.
A kiddie story is a kiddie story,
no matter how you cut it.
Oh, man, you're not going to tell some title.
Fairy tale, are you?
Not exactly.
The story I'm going to tell
is about a girl who loved fairy tales.
She had a huge collection.
She knew most of them by heart.
The trouble was she spent so much time
thinking about the world of make-believe
that she started to forget the difference
between reality and imagination.
And when you do that,
a fairy tale can soon become a scary.
Submitted for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
the tale of final wish.
Go ahead, my dear.
Have a taste.
Such pretty apple.
You must take a bite.
Or if you don't,
I'll have to...
Of course, you do eat it!
I've got to grow up, Jill.
This is stupid.
There's nothing under there.
Oh, what?
Oh, Jill, not again.
I swear, it grabbed me!
Honey, what's a dream?
No, it wasn't!
Dad on the bed in these green, nasty-looking,
scaly hands reached out and tried to pull me under.
I'm not kidding! Look!
Didn't we have this last week?
You make fun of me.
What's going on?
Nothing. Jill had a nightmare.
It wasn't a nightmare.
There was something under there.
Jill, we all have nightmares.
I just can't take him so seriously.
Go back to bed.
Gotcha.
It was you?
Come on, don't be such a snitch!
I thought you wanted to find something under the bed.
You're always looking.
Why don't you just grow up?
Me? You're the one who's still living in a fairyland princess.
You're 13 years old. Listen to the radio.
Go to a concert or something.
Stop being a kid and maybe you won't be scared
of boogie men under the bed anymore.
Sweet dreams.
Jill, don't do this again!
Jill was having a rough time.
Everyone kept telling her to grow up and act your age,
but she didn't know how to grow up any faster.
And she wasn't exactly sure how kids her age were supposed to act.
I can't wait. Adios.
Jill, I am not going to call you again.
Hi, Blake.
Why does she always do this?
I don't know, but if she misses the bus again,
it's your turn to drive her.
But I...
Jill, I am not going to be late for work.
Sorry.
Why do you do this?
All I ask is that you get up and out on time.
Now I'm going to have to drive you to school
and I'm going to be late for work again.
I told you I'm sorry.
Don't ignore me.
You are going to have to learn some responsibility, Miss.
Other people live in this house
and we're getting tired of putting up with your childishness.
Come on.
Jill kind of understood why her family was giving her grief.
But her friends weren't helping much either.
He's so fun.
I talked to him, but I probably drooled or something.
Are you guys being kind of obvious?
We're just looking.
Yeah, like a couple of silly gooses.
Silly gooses?
My grandmother says that.
Did you see that?
He checked her out. Did he check her out?
No way. He wouldn't check out a geek.
Look at this.
Grimm's fairy tales.
Mother Goose.
The Sandman and other tales.
What is with her? Is she like a baby or something?
Talk about us. We saw you flirt with him.
I didn't. I had to sharpen my pencil.
Yeah, right.
He's coming. He's coming.
Hey, Jill.
Hi.
You have that reading assignment Kelly gave us yesterday?
I lost it someplace.
Sure.
This way you're supposed to read?
Hey.
These are really interesting.
You reading these?
Yeah. No. I have to do a book report.
On what? Humpty Dumpty?
Hey, Jules.
I used to play these when I was a kid.
Jill plays with them now.
Get out of here, really.
Hey, Jill. You forgot your doll.
Jill knew she was being kind of childish.
But there was something inside her
that didn't want to give up the world of fairy tales.
Because in all those stories, no matter how bad things got,
everyone always lived happily ever after.
The princess always got the prince.
I've come to awaken you.
Sleeping beauty.
It's me.
I got this for Halloween, and I just wanted to show you.
You did not. You wanted to scare me again.
No, really. I didn't mean to.
Yes, you did. I hate you. I hate all of you.
I'm sorry. Geez. Don't get so bent out of shape.
Get it. You leave me alone.
Oh, there's no sweat. I'm gone.
What's so wrong about wanting to live in a world
where dreams come true and you can wish on a star?
I wish I could.
And I wish everybody would just leave me alone.
Don't worry, but John is...
Mom? Dad?
Are you down there?
John?
Come out, will you?
You are such a slime.
If you think that you're going to scare me again.
Okay, Grimace. Let's start recording.
Oops, too slow.
You always have a friend playing big red shoes
when you believe in magic.
Woo, I'm really stuck on this song.
To start the holiday sooner,
you could make your own reindeer.
Or you could head to McDonald's
for some way cool miniature Mattel toys
like Polly Pocket or the Attack Bag.
10 and all, one with each totally toy happy mill you buy.
I'm fluffy.
Street kids paint just like this.
Swing them up, spray them wild.
So much fun, so many stars.
Hollywood hair.
My creation is finished.
And now, Huffy and I will shock the world.
Ready? Ready, John?
Then, let the shock treatment begin.
My reactor shock suppressor.
They scuffed at my phantom fender.
What do they know about shock?
A lot of technology.
Now, Huffy and I will shock them all.
Yes! Yes!
The dish out from Huffy.
Right again.
Some play games that go
and some play games that go.
Well, now there's Nintendo's new
pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land.
And Kirby's
all over the place.
All you do is keep Kirby.
But...
As long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new Kirby's Pinball Land for Game Boy.
And we'll bet you won't go.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark.
Excuse me? This is a dream.
I've got to be dreaming.
You're getting warmer, but you're only half right.
This place is a dream, but you're not dreaming.
I don't like riddles.
The strangest things are there for me.
Oh, things to eat and things to see.
And many frightening sights abroad.
Till morning in the Land of Nod.
Stop it. I'm scared and I want to know where I am.
Oh, all right. You know one.
Youngness, you're a know.
Everyone goes to dream.
Land of Nod? And who are you?
Uh, isn't it obvious?
I'm the Sandman.
The Sandman?
Like the guy who puts sand in your eyes to make you go to sleep?
At your service?
Thank you? Exactly.
Now we're getting somewhere.
I don't believe you. I don't believe any of this.
It's a joke. It's just...
It's, uh, what you wished for?
Here's the scene.
You took my book, clutched it to your chest,
looked out at the first star and said,
What's so wrong about wanting to live in a place
where dreams come true, where you can wish upon a star?
I wish I could,
and I wish everybody would leave me alone.
Sound familiar?
No. No way.
Yes, way. You're on your own fairy tale.
Would you like to see how it comes out?
Yes. Ah, sorry. That'll be cheating.
I want to go home.
Uh, sorry. That's not what happens.
Besides, fairy tales can't be changed.
Where's my family? Did you take them to?
Don't worry. They're here.
They won't bother you anymore.
Just like you wished.
No, I'm going home.
You can't. That's reality.
You wanted a fairy tale, remember?
No, I don't. I want to go home.
Do a little more careful about what you wished for.
Ha ha ha ha ha! Thanks, all.
You did. It's my fairy tale.
And if you can change it, so can I.
Please, put that down!
I'm going to put it down all right,
and I'm going to close the book.
Honey, what's the matter?
It was all a dream.
You were screaming. Are you okay?
No, she's not. She's a nutcase.
See?
No, I'm fine.
It was a stupid nightmare.
I'm sorry.
It's okay, honey. Go back to sleep.
Guys, I know I've been kind of a pain.
I think it's time to start giving up this fairy tale stuff.
Hooray. That's fine, honey.
Just don't give up on the kid inside altogether, okay?
I'm never going to get back to sleep.
Fairy tales again.
If only she knew, she would have never gone back in that bed again.
The end.
So, don't take fairy tales lightly.
You never know which ones are made up.
And which ones are real.
Excellent. I just have one question.
What?
Where's the part about the kids getting their heads chopped off?
The Earthquake.
Mutant Mole. What are you doing?
I'm looking for breakfast, but it is so dark.
You're in luck. My tasty Kellogg's Fruit Loops are in brighter colors.
What's bright?
Just follow my nose to the bright color of Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Now I see the shine of orange, lemon, cherry and lime.
Fruit Loops. The bright part of this nutritious breakfast.
Oh, they are bright.
Dig in.
Who turned out the lights?
A few more will turn you on.
Follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste.
Now, two can play the games of the Super NES Super Scope.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So, to prepare yourself, you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
Right here.